Image and language update to VE docs (#6910)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/use-visual-editor.md

1. Drag an operator from the operator toolbar and drop it onto the canvas.
2. Click on the operator to open its configuration panel:

> 	- **Input model**: Select the model and columns you want to use.

Reviewer: am i right assuming. you can have multiple input models right?

Author: Hiya @mirnawong1 

Yep, you're right. You can have more than one multiple input model.

Kind Regards

> 	- **Input model**: Select the model and columns you want to use.

Author: ```suggestion
	- **Input model**: Select the model(s) and column(s) you want to use.
```

	- **Join**: Define the join conditions and choose columns from both tables.
	- **Select**: Pick the columns you need from the model.
	- **Aggregate**: Specify the aggregation functions and the columns they apply to.
	- **Formula**: Add the formula to create a new column. Use the built-AI code generator to help generate SQL code by clicking on the question mark (?) icon. Enter your prompt and wait to see the results.
	- **Filter**: Set the conditions to filter data.
	- **Order**: Select the columns to sort by and the sort order.
	- **Limit**: Set the maximum number of rows you want to return.

> 	- **Output model**: The final transformed dataset generated by a dbt model.

Reviewer: can you have multiple output models? or only one?

Author: Querying this here: https://dbt-labs.slack.com/archives/C0697CMAR7H/p1739448604504509
